you are the only one I haven't met yet
on my brown jane goodall from the moment
they met Jane you want me to turn the
a/c of you're looking a little flushed
she thought he was the man of her dreams
every time I'm not with you I'm thinking
about you she never expected he asked
you to live with him
Wow he'd be the one Jan yeah it's home
for Jane to wreck her life
don't come gonna be fun okay now Jane
has to move on my partner's been
rear-ended and I have got to be ahead of
here for Monday
why don't you ring with me you're moving
in with Eddie yeah the place I was
supposed to move into just suddenly fell
apart luckily her new roommate has a lot
of experience romance true love none of
it exists and he's teaching her more
what is on your neck
I bet myself shaving then she ever
wanted to know what's this party viagra
you left these earrings in my bed
you don't make any
don't underestimate casual sex chain
it's very liberating the truth is less
than 5% of all male animals are
monogamous J and E's are people not cows
this is why men can't commit the
biological urge to spread their seed I
worry about you Jane I really do unless
you Jane
I said you're over this and having
second thoughts no I forbid it
what are you thinking you and Regan live
happily ever after with you matching all
those and chocolate labs did you have
any friends growing up 20th Century Fox
presents why are you doing this to
yourself because if I'm wrong men don't
leave all women they leave me maybe
that's why we hold on as hard as we do
you know we just can't believe that such
a miracle can ever happen to us twice
someday you'll find it again
couldn't sleep no me neither Ashley Judd
Greg Kinnear Hugh Jackman Marisa Tomei
dear cheerleader please don't [ __ ]
show me come on in the story of a woman
who thought she had it all figured out
do you promise not to laugh and the last
man she ever expected
whoa to change her mind I hate you
someone like you